thank you
hey you are you wasting your time on
social media again your brothers and
sisters in the slum net from Norway are
establishing a mission a dawa Center
establishing a message to convey The
Message of Islam is one of the best
Deeds a Muslim can do there's a huge
need for it in Norway you know this and
I know this so that makes the Lord even
greater so give generously and Allah
azzawajal give you even
how are you guys doing I came across a
video of Joe Rogan
speaking about the case of Andrew Tate
and his detention his continued
detention in prison let's take a look at
the video and respond in kind I know a
lot of what he does is theater right a
lot of what he does is very like satire
he he plays the role of this boastful
misogynist who smokes cigars and drives
Lamborghinis and that's his thing and
because of that he's amassed an amazing
amount of money and he's done it by
doing this character's online persona
but then also says very wise things he
says ridiculous [__] but also says
really interesting things he's a very
smart guy if you live listen to him
being interviewed by Patrick Bet David
Patrick Bet David interviewed him after
he got canceled off of all social media
and Patrick is fantastic he's really
good at letting people talk and talking
to everybody and Patrick is so wealthy
and so successful outside of the world
of podcasting that he don't only does it
because he's interested in it and so
he's the perfect guy to handle that
because he does not afraid of talk to
talk to anybody he'll talk to anybody
and so he had him on for a long-form
conversation they talked for hours and
you get to see this is a very
intelligent and calculated guy you might
not agree with this message you might
not agree with all the misogynist stuff
you might not agree with and I don't
agree with it you might not agree with
uh all the the crazy Antics but you
cannot deny that that's been incredibly
successful because it resonates with a
lot of young men who don't feel
represented in the media and they see
this guy and it looks like fun do they
agree with what he's saying that doesn't
mean they agree with it they think it's
fun it's like pro wrestling he's like a
bad guy in pro wrestling he's a heel
he's smoking cigars his Lamborghinis and
no I think some of what he said there is
actually quite uh on the mark for
example mentioning that it's a
theatrical performance of some sorts
he's got like almost a a WWE character
that he brings out for the masses and
that's something which he's put on the
records and if it wasn't for that WWE
character he wouldn't have been able to
amass the following that he's amassed
um rise to prominence in such an
exponential way as he has risen to
prominence as well as become a role
model for many young people For Better
or For Worse of course we would say uh
now there's so many positive and
virtuous things that does come from
following someone like Andrew Tate but
there's an elephant in the room which I
don't think we are discussing here which
is this conversion to Islam now many of
you would have known that some months
ago I had a conversation with him I had
an entire podcast and he detailed uh in
sophisticated depth his conversion to
Islam in an hour and a half podcast face
to face now is there a connection the
question is between his conversion to
Islam and his in his continued detention
in a prison in Romania a country who he
used to give money to the Church of and
he was on the recorders giving money
to the Church of is there some kind of a
connection
well the least we can say about this is
that this has become a human rights
issue if there is no clear-cut evidence
that the Romanian government or that the
Romanian authorities I should say or
other authorities have about his guilt
at least According to some evidentiary
bar somewhere then why is he remaining
in prison for such a long time where are
the amnesty Internationals where are the
human rights activists because quite
frankly this is clearly a human rights
issue now is it the case and this is a
question I put to the public is it the
case
that the mere allegation of a man
without the substantiating of clear
evidences that can become public in such
an important high profile cases this is
enough to detain a man for so long
in a prison cell
where his physical and facial
appearances is changing by the day and
the week
and that we're seeing him coming in and
out of Vans prison fans and so on
and that this is affecting his family
and his friends and having an impact on
his uh connections is this actually
within the scope of Human Rights is this
not a human rights issue according to
you guys now the definition of Human
Rights and so on because if it isn't
then I want to know what would be
classified as a human rights issue the
thing is detaining somebody without
charging them without bringing them to
justice for this loan
is something which really quite frankly
it's disturbing to say the least on
anyone's standard
now of course many will say well look
you guys your guy here Andrew Tate
who has become a Muslim has become a
Muslim and after that what's happened is
Misfortune followed him so becoming
Muslim means Misfortune follows you
people have been making these kinds of
comments and I want to say something
sometimes bad things are good for you
Andrew take is a very resilient and
strong personality we know this and we
think that this could be a good thing
for him in a spiritual way why
because actually he's free from the
distractions of the world he's being
tested by his Lord he is alone with the
Quran and even one of the things that
was put out from his Twitter
was that you know even Tamia's favorite
famous quotation where he was saying
that what can you do to me what can you
do to me if you put me in prison then
I'm alone with my Lord if you kill me
you martyr me
and if you torture me you alleviate me
for my sins there's nothing you can do
to a man who believes in the religion of
all Islam there's nothing you can do
because it's a win-win situation all
round
and God has warned us sets our
expectations
where in the Quran for example it states
that is
that we will certainly try you test you
with something of
hunger and fear and loss of provisions
and Investments
so give God Tidings to those who are
patient
the ones who when they are given the
Glad Tidings say
that to God we belong and to him we
shall return
Allah States for us in the Quran
that he is the one who has created life
and death so we can test of of you who
is best in Deeds so this is something
which is a test it's a test that Allah
has given and rotate and we hope and we
pray that a man with his resilience and
his mental fortitude will not succumb to
The Matrix and that he will not be bent
his knee will not be bent to those
individuals who many of which I'm sure
want him to leave the religion of Islam
want him to submit to The Matrix his
understanding of the New World Order
and so I say in conclusion
that there's no beating him from that
perspective
but I also say to those forces who are
those forces who speak of Human Rights
and so on that is time it's high time
for you to be consistent
and to ask for at least
a conclusion to be made about his case
whoever builds a mosque for Allah Allah
will build for him a similar house in
Jannah
and we know the great reward that will
not only be gained but rather will fill
your grave after your death whenever
someone prays there whenever someone
gives shahada in the Masjid whenever
someone learns something in the Masjid
yes that will be something that you'll
have on your scale